Errors for bogus tickets. Fixes #1247 (#1269)
tlswg/tls13-spec: draft-ietf-tls-rfc8446bis.md

  to correctly verify a signature or validate a Finished message
  or a PSK binder.

> ticket_invalid:

Reviewer: "ticket" has a very specific connotation that I think you might want to avoid here.  How about `psk_rejected`?  My only reservation there is that it looks like your goal is to signal that the psk *identifier* is not acceptable to the server.

: The server received a ticket that is invalid and is necessary
to complete the handshake. For instance, the server might
be configured to require PSK mode. Note that if a ticket

> is being used for session resumption, the server MAY
> ignore the ticket and perform a full handshake instead.

Reviewer: Do you really want 2119 language here?  This is just how session resumption is supposed to work.

```suggestion
is being used for session resumption, the server is expected
to ignore the ticket and perform a full handshake instead.
```

  with the values from {{alert-messages-appendix}}. The
  "DTLS-OK" column is marked as "Y" for all such values.
  Values marked as "_RESERVED" have comments

>    describing their previous usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   describing their previous usage.
```

Other list items have a period.
